It's really shameless to seduce Sister Jun
This society has everyone
Such a beautiful little girl
I didn't expect to be so shameless
Chu Chuan, wait for me
You are dead.
What can your son do about this?
Mom doesn't have to worry about not having a son
It's the real Lu Shuai.
Even if our family comes, they don't dare to part with me.
Well, it's all true.
When did I lie to me and make me open?
When will you hold on until
Domestic Violence Dragon
Dead dogs don't rob Ben Feng Shangpai
Now, immediately.
Kneel down immediately and give us a few kowtows
Call us grandpa a few more times
Maybe I can think about farting
Do you know who you're talking to?
Hahahaha
You really think of yourself as Dragon Shuai, oops.
Your Majesty, you are finally here, and he is generous
And pretending to be a marshal, you're about to kill him
Madam, I didn't expect us to happen today
Today, my heart is full of blood
Are Long Bing and Xiao Qin crazy?
How dare I die so early?
Forget it, for Su Xue's sake
Give him another chance, okay?
Really, with your dog eyes, see clearly that this is him.
Really ask him
Could it be that he is really handsome?
fake